what is the i grade? 1
how is the semester graded? 1
what is the s grade? 4
what is the x grade? 3
if I repeat a course will my previous grade be removed from the grade sheet? 1
if I obtain an f in a course, will it be counted in the cgpa? 2
what is the procedure for appealing for change of grade? 1
can I repeat a course I passed? 1
which grade will be used in the cgpa if I repeat a course I failed? 1
which grade will be used in the cgpa if I repeat a course I passed? no
how is the sgpa calculated? 2
how is the cgpa calculated? 3
what is the placement procedure? 3
who contacts the companies for placements? 2
which all are the A+ category companies in placements? 4
which all are the A category companies in placements? no
In placements, can I sit for other companies if the company I sat for hasn't released the shortlisted candidates yet? 1
can I sit for other companies if I have an A category offer? no
what is the eligibility criteria to sit for placements? 1
can I decline an offer I have received through college placements? 1
what happens if I don't join the company after accepting the offer? no
I might pursue higher studies so can I decline the job offer received through college placements now? no
what are the initiatives taken by iiitd to protect the environment? 2
what is the green policy of iiitd? 2
how does iiitd manage waste? 1
does iiitd do rain water harvesting? 1
solar power for energy conservation in iiitd 1
swachh bharat abhiyaan initiative in iiitd 1
what is the privacy policy of the iiitd website? no
my payment was not successful. what is the refund policy? no
who all are given preference during allocation of hostels? 1
what is the hostel fee for single occupancy? 1
what is the hostel fee for twin sharing? 1
what are the mess charges in iiitd? 1
is smoking in hostels permitted? 3
can hostelers keep vehicles? 1
is there a time restriction on leaving the hostel? 2
can I cook in the hostel rooms? 1
what is the policy for visitors in the hostel? 1
If I am a hosteller, is paying mess fee compulsory? 1
what is the hostel allotment process? 1
what is the plagiarism policy of iiitd? 1
what are the types of plagiarisms 1
if I modify a code I found online and submit it, is it still plagiarism? 1
If I submit my work from a previous assignment, is it plagiarism? 1
is paraphrasing also plagiarism? 1
